Wolf spray
Yes, it's anti-wolf spray.
Princess, national beauty and natural fragrance
There must be a lot of perverts
So anti-wolf spray is essential
Yeah, might as well.
I wanted to use chili water
It doesn't seem necessary.
Princess, what are you doing?
Wang Xun
Don't think I don't know what your purpose is today
Today is not for the sake of your good escort
I forgive you if there is a next time
Just hack to death
Oh, my princess!
Ouch.
Princess, why did you let Wang Xun go?
A big pervert like him should be drowned first
Well, he's different from all the boys
Ben Gong likes him
Besides, he has too many secrets
I can't see clearly
Only let him go
Only this princess can see his original face clearly
So are you going to marry him?
Ah, if he doesn't cheat.
What did you say to Xinbao?
He was telling the truth.
I can be his woman tonight
Hahaha prince
Father is bad
Zhao Sandong missed and was killed by the princess on the spot
I actually missed
Suicide princess is a mortal sin
Father, if you don't want to pursue us, you can't do it. We
Whatever.